chore: add transaction resubmission document to nodes/resources section (#1207)
celestiaorg/docs: nodes/transaction-resubmission.md

---
description: This is a guide on transaction resubmission on Celestia.
prev:
  text: "Helpful CLI commands"
  link: "/nodes/celestia-app-commands"
---

# Transaction resubmission

In cases where transactions are not included within a 75-second window,
resubmission is necessary. This is especially important during network
congestion, as transactions with relatively low fees may not be processed
even after the network clears up.

> Transactions, whether originating from celestia-app or celestia-node,
> won't be regossiped unless there's a new peer, even by nodes with longer TTLs.

Reviewer: TBH I'm not sure what this really means but I attempted to rephrase

```suggestion
Regardless of whether they originate from celestia-app or celestia-node, transactions will not be re-gossiped, except in the presence of a new peer."
```

Author: just that re-gossiping doesn't change between node or app

## Monitoring and resubmission

Monitor the status of your transactions. If a transaction is not included within

> the 75-second window, it should be resubmitted. This can be done manually or

Reviewer: [question] @cmwaters where does the 75 second window come from? Is it a param on the mempool? The only param I could find with a value of 75 is https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/blob/58b28cfe8ea0f6c9b2e114d7c335e074891267ab/specs/src/specs/params.md?plain=1#L41 but that doesn't appear immediately relevant.

```suggestion
a 75-second window, it should be resubmitted. This can be done manually or
```

Author: also, maybe I can link to this config?
